#summary Did Removable Drive Reminder save you from losing a flash drive? Consider making a donation.
#labels Featured

My name is Stefan Sundin. I am a student in Sweden, programming my tools in my free time. My programs will always remain free and open source, even if I receive no donations.

Donations are a great motivation for me to keep updating my programs. They are also perfect to get my attention, especially if you want me to add some special feature.

You can get in touch with me by sending an email to `stefan(at)stefansundin.com`. You can also [http://stefansundin.com/ visit my website] to read a little more about me.


= How to donate =

Currently you can choose to donate with PayPal, Flattr or Bitcoin.


== Donate with PayPal ==

The easiest way to donate is by sending money with PayPal to `recover89(at)gmail.com`. You can donate with PayPal without a PayPal account, using only your credit card.

[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=8727MAF7NTYRE http://superf4.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/media/donate.png]


== Donate with Flattr ==

[http://flattr.com/ Flattr] is a service that allows you to easily donate a very small amount. If you already have Flattr, then you can flattr me by clicking this button:

<wiki:gadget url="http://stefansundin.com/stuff/flattr/google-project-hosting.xml" border="0" width="55" height="62" up_uid="recover" up_title="Removable Drive Reminder" up_desc="Never accidentally leave your USB stick on a public computer again!" up_tags="stefansundin" up_url="http://code.google.com/p/removable-drive-reminder/" />


== Donate with Bitcoin ==

[http://bitcoin.org/ Bitcoin] is a very new and exciting digital currency that enables peer to peer transactions. With Bitcoin, there are no almost no transaction fees.

Send BTC to: `1EhDUbc5MjC6JavC6idKiTCxnqSxY2sbTX`


== Other donation alternatives ==

I want to offer as many donation alternatives as possible. Let me know if you know of a good service that I do not offer.

If you prefer, you can transfer money to me by bank, email me to get banking details.


= Thank You! =

Thank you for donating!